[Music]
What's up my dear Lovers of the
heart Belén Esteban and Kiko Matamoros
were the last guests of the
resistance a visit to promote
the Netflix reality show every man for
himself and it was here where Belén announced that they will
soon be going to El Hormiguero and she
did so with a direct attack on the network that was
her channel for many years we are going to go
to El Hormiguero except for tele5 we are going to go
everywhere words that have
surprised mediaset
considering that this audiovisual group owns
a third of the shares of the
television factory responsible for every man for himself
despite this it seems that the
relationship between the network and the production company
are absolutely broken and this is
attenuated by the latest statements by
Belén Esteban who lashed out at
mediaset boasting that the only
money they are going to earn this year is from
Netflix not from what Matamoros does on the
other hand she did not hold back in speaking
openly about her dismissal stating that
they were fired from telec I have a lot of respect for
telec I take media set in  my heart
but for a reason because
the princess of the people has given me 24 years to eat
despite thanking the network that was her
home for years but also threw a
barb at the Mediaset leadership they
were screwing us for two months and well
family I will be reading your
opinions in the comments leave your
like and subscribe to always be up to
date with all the news of the heart I
send you all a huge hug
ah